---
title: 2023-06-02 (week in progress)
author: Mojo Dojo
author_site: https://mojodojo.dev
author_image: https://mojodojo.dev/hero.png
---

# This Week in Mojo 2023-06-02

_Week in Progress_

## Community Content
- [Maxim](https://mzaks.medium.com/) made a post about [Parsing CSV in Mojo](https://mzaks.medium.com/simple-csv-parser-in-mojo-3555c13fb5c8) and used SIMD to get speedups

- [Gautam Ethiraj](https://medium.com/@gautam.e/hello-mojo-83f5a8b04074) expressed his [Mojo FOMO](https://medium.com/@gautam.e/hello-mojo-83f5a8b04074) (Fear Of Missing Out)


## Mojo Team Answers
### `let` inside `fn` definitions
Thank you for filing this. This is known (to me) to not be supported. We have the infrastructure to do this now, but we need to decide whether we want it. There are various folks (incl on this forum) that are proposing that we eliminate 'let' declarations to simplify things, and I'd rather resolve that direction before investing more time into let declarations.

Incidentally, this discussion will come up "real soon now" as it is all tangled into the lifetime proposal. This should be coming to the community for discussion in the next two weeks.

### What do we call Mojo users?
I'm fond of mojician 🪄

### Generics for non trivial types
This is going to be tricky to address in the immediate term. In the absence of traits/protocols (which is scheduled to start soon) we can't reason about what members a generic AnyType has, nor can we constrain that type. This is actually a pretty big deal, because we don't have the infra to map back to what a substituted type's destructors are. As a consequence of this, it is only possible to use trivial types like Int/FP with generic algorithms. This is incredibly constraining right now 🙁

There is a separate issue where register_passable and memory-only types have different concrete ABIs / conventions. This is solvable in a simple way (just treat register passable types as memory abi when generic) or a fancier way (delay binding of ABI until type substitution)... but until we solve the trait issue, we'll still only be able to express generic algorithms over trivial types, even if they are memory only. So solving this in the immediate term isn't much of a relief.

The best workarounds right now are pretty ugly:

- Limit your generic code to trivial register passable types; e.g. add an explicit delete() method that you manually manage instead of a __del__ method that is automatically invoked.
- Copy and paste things to make them non-generic.

sorry, this is pretty annoying to me too. I really want to get on top of this of course.
